bill Ingram for hoops world TV here with
defending NBA champion I can't say that
enough Jason Kidd first of all that you
talk about that going through the
offseason with that feeling knowing that
you've accomplished this lifelong goal
but as a dream come true it's just still
you know we can't wait to Christmas to
see the banner go up and then somewhere
later on next year so you know when I
mean next year the during this season
get the ring so we're all excited about
what we did last year but you know in
this business you got to move forward
and we got to try to protect it could it
be much better the banners coming down
you're playing the Miami Heat the same
team that you you beat to get the banner
well I think it's it's always you know
it's good to see the guys that you
because you know they're gonna be hungry
and they they're very talented so we're
gonna be ready to come Christmas Day but
it's just an honor to be able to play on
Christmas and get back to work so you
finally after all these years got a
chance to raise that banner a friend of
yours from a team that didn't quite get
it down a couple times Vince Carter now
in town how nice will it be to maybe
have helped him get his banner well I
think that's the nice thing about this
team is that we still have pieces on
that you know want to try to win a
championship when you talk about Vince
he's averaged over 20 points for his
career he knows how to play the game so
we're gonna go out there and do our best
to try to protect you know our
championship and try to put myself in a
position and won another one now lamar
odom left la kind of in a hard situation
the trade rumors he kind of took that
hard lands in Dallas now you talked to
him as he ecstatic excited to be to be
here to have a chance to win another
championship with you guys this time I
think he's very excited I know you know
the situation that was surrounding him
with the Chris Paul trade and that you
know happening that happening now
knowing that he's in a situation it when
you talk about Tina wants to win you
know he couldn't be in a better
situation finally the best way to defend
generally is to bring the same team back
there are some significant changes how
confident are you with Brendan Haywood
stepping into the starting lineup most
likely obviously Delonte West Lamar
events you know the new group that's in
town yeah well I thought that was the
beauty of our team last year was just a
team you know we had you know important
pieces but I think we played as a team
and there was individuals that helped us
make that run and win games for us so
we're looking at you know
you know different pieces for the same
you know goal and that's for guys to
step up and do their job just be
themselves and hopefully at the end of
the day we're right there in that same
spot